README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vdecaro/torchdyno/refs/heads/main/docs/_static/images/logo_no_name.png?"><img width=450 alt="torchdyno-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vdecaro/torchdyno/refs/heads/main/docs/_static/images/logo_no_name.png"/>
</picture>
</p>

![Python Version from PEP 621 TOML](https://img.shields.io/python/required-version-toml?tomlFilePath=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Feclypse-org%2Feclypse%2Fmain%2Fpyproject.toml)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Checked with mypy](http://www.mypy-lang.org/static/mypy_badge.svg)](http://mypy-lang.org/)

[![Import sorted with isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/isort-checked-brightgreen)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)
[![IMport cleaned with pycln](https://img.shields.io/badge/pycln-checked-brightgreen)](https://github.com/hadialqattan/pycln)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-black)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Doc style: docformatter](https://img.shields.io/badge/doc%20style-docformatter-black)](https://github.com/PyCQA/docformatter)

TorchDyno is a PyTorch-based library for the implementation of dynamical systems. It provides a simple and flexible way to build and train non-standard recurrent models, such as Reservoir Computing models. TorchDyno is designed to be easy to use, efficient, and flexible. It is built on top of PyTorch, which makes it easy to integrate with other PyTorch-based libraries.

Here's the link to the documentation: [https://torchdyno.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://torchdyno.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

## Installation

To install TorchDyno and all its dependencies, you can run the following commands:
```bash

pip install torchdyno

```

## Credits
We thank [eclypse-org](https://github.com/eclypse-org) and [Jacopo Massa](https://github.com/jacopo-massa) for the structure and the template of the documentation!

Commit message:

docs: Update requirements in install

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vdecaro/torchdyno/refs/heads/main/docs/_static/images/logo_no_name.png?"><img width=450 alt="torchdyno-logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vdecaro/torchdyno/refs/heads/main/docs/_static/images/logo_no_name.png"/>
</picture>
</p>

![Python Version from PEP 621 TOML](https://img.shields.io/python/required-version-toml?tomlFilePath=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Feclypse-org%2Feclypse%2Fmain%2Fpyproject.toml)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Checked with mypy](http://www.mypy-lang.org/static/mypy_badge.svg)](http://mypy-lang.org/)

[![Import sorted with isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/isort-checked-brightgreen)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)
[![IMport cleaned with pycln](https://img.shields.io/badge/pycln-checked-brightgreen)](https://github.com/hadialqattan/pycln)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-black)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Doc style: docformatter](https://img.shields.io/badge/doc%20style-docformatter-black)](https://github.com/PyCQA/docformatter)

TorchDyno is a PyTorch-based library for the implementation of dynamical systems. It provides a simple and flexible way to build and train non-standard recurrent models, such as Reservoir Computing models. TorchDyno is designed to be easy to use, efficient, and flexible. It is built on top of PyTorch, which makes it easy to integrate with other PyTorch-based libraries.

Here's the link to the documentation: [https://torchdyno.readthedocs.io/en/latest/](https://torchdyno.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

## Installation
First, **you must install the desired version of torch and torchvision**.
To install TorchDyno and all its dependencies, you can run the following commands:
```bash

pip install torchdyno

```

## Credits
We thank [eclypse-org](https://github.com/eclypse-org) and [Jacopo Massa](https://github.com/jacopo-massa) for the structure and the template of the documentation!
